Copyright © 2018 IMS Global Learning Consortium, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Trademark Information -- http://www.imsglobal.org/copyright.html

IMS Global Learning Consortium, Inc. Caliper Analytics™ APIs are publicly
licensed as Open Source Software via the GNU Lesser General Public License,
LGPL v3 (https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.html).

Use of these APIs and/or code libraries does not signify achievement of IMS
conformance certification.  The official list of conformance certifications is
available at http://www.imscert.org.

IMS Global also makes available an Alternative License based on the Apache 2.0
license. Licensees (via the Alternative License) are required to be IMS Global
members. Membership in IMS Global is a commitment by a supplier to the IMS
community for ongoing support for achieving "plug and play" integration. IMS
Global Membership dues pay for ongoing maintenance for the Alternative License
to be applicable to updates to the Caliper Analytics APIs and code libraries.
The rationale for this dual-license approach and membership component is to
help assure a requisite level of ongoing development, project management, and
support for the software.

Licensees of IMS Global Caliper Analytics APIs and code libraries are strongly
encouraged to become active contributors to the Caliper Analytics project and
other projects within IMS Global. Prospective licensees should understand that
their initial base contribution and ongoing membership fees are insufficient to
fully fund the ongoing development and maintenance of Caliper APIs/code
libraries and that voluntary contributions are the primary "fuel" ensuring any
open source project's viability. Contributions can include development, bug
fixing, bug reporting, performance analysis, and other aspects of the overall
development process.

Contributor status at the "Github" level will be individual-based. Contributors
will need to sign an IMS Global Contributor License Agreement (CLA) that grants
IMS Global a license to contributions.  If you are interested in licensing the
IMS Global Caliper Analytics APIs/code libraries please email IMS Global
(mailto:licenses@imsglobal.org).

IMS Caliper is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation, version 3 of the License.

IMS Caliper is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along
with this program. If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.